isLoading ComboBox tests and useAsyncList loadingState update (#1481)
adobe/react-spectrum: packages/@react-spectrum/combobox/docs/ComboBox.mdx

</ComboBox>
```

## Asynchronous loading

ComboBox supports loading data asynchronously, and will display a progress circle reflecting the current load state,

> dependent on the `loadingState` prop provided. It also supports infinite scrolling to load more data on demand as the user scrolls, via the `onLoadMore` prop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
set by the `loadingState` prop. It also supports infinite scrolling to load more data on demand as the user scrolls, via the `onLoadMore` prop.
```
